#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --index-url=https://pypi.python.org/simple --output-file=requirements-dev.txt requirements-dev.in
#
--index-url https://pypi.python.org/simple

absl-py==0.15.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
aiohttp==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
anyio==3.3.4
    # via starlette
argcomplete==1.12.3
    # via nox
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-timeout==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
asynctest==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   pytest
backports.entry-points-selectable==1.1.1
    # via virtualenv
black==21.10b0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
boto3==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
botocore==1.23.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via h5py
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   rich
colorlog==6.6.0
    # via nox
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   rich
coverage==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
distlib==0.3.3
    # via virtualenv
fastapi==0.70.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
filelock==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
flake8==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via tensorflow
frozenlist==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
ghp-import==2.0.2
    # via mkdocs
google-api-core==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-cloud-core==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==1.42.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
google-resumable-media==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
grpcio==1.41.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
h11==0.12.0
    # via uvicorn
h5py==3.5.0
    # via tensorflow
humanize==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   argcomplete
    #   backports.entry-points-selectable
    #   click
    #   flake8
    #   humanize
    #   markdown
    #   mkdocs
    #   nox
    #   pep517
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
    #   virtualenv
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isort==5.10.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jinja2==3.0.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
keras==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
libclang==12.0.0
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
memory-profiler==0.58.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs==1.2.3
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-material==7.3.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.0.3
    # via mkdocs-material
multidict==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==0.910
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
networkx==2.6.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
nox==2021.10.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   opt-einsum
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   nox
    #   pytest
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
psutil==5.8.0
    # via memory-profiler
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   nox
    #   pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via flake8
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   rich
pymdown-extensions==9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   mkdocs-material
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   ghp-import
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
regex==2021.11.2
    # via black
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rich==10.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
    #   virtualenv
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
starlette==0.16.0
    # via fastapi
structlog==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.in
tensorboard==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
tensorflow-estimator==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.21.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-serving-api==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
tomli==1.2.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   pep517
typed-ast==1.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   async-timeout
    #   black
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   mypy
    #   nox
    #   pydantic
    #   rich
    #   starlette
    #   structlog
    #   tensorflow
    #   uvicorn
    #   yarl
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
virtualenv==20.10.0
    # via nox
watchdog==2.1.6
    # via mkdocs
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   pip-tools
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via tensorflow
yarl==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   pep517

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
